welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the boys from brazil
[Music]
young well-intentioned barry kohler
steve guttenberg
stumbles upon a secret organization of
third reich war criminals holding
clandestine meetings in paraguay and
finds that dr
joseph mengele gregory peck the infamous
auschwitz doctor
is with them he phones ezra lieberman
lawrence olivier an aging nazi hunter
living in vienna
austria with this information
a highly skeptical lieberman tries to
brush kohler's claims aside
telling him that it is well known that
mangalay is living in paraguay
having learned when and where the next
meeting to include mangalay is scheduled
to occur
kohler records part of it using a hidden
microphone
but is discovered and killed while
making another phone call to lieberman
before the phone is hung up with
lieberman on the other end
he hears the recorded voice of mangalay
ordering a group of ex-nazis to kill 94
men in nine different countries
these 94 men targeted for assassination
by mangalake consist of
16 men in west germany 14 men in sweden
13 men in the united kingdom 12 men in
the united states
10 men in norway nine men in austria
eight men in the netherlands six men in
denmark
and six men in canada although
frail lieberman follows kohler's leads
and begins
traveling throughout europe and north
america to investigate the suspicious
deaths of a number of aging civil
servants
he meets several of their widows and is
amazed to find an uncanny resemblance in
their adopted
black-haired blue-eyed sons
it is also made clear that at the time
of their deaths all the civil servants
were aged around
65 and had cold domineering and abusive
attitudes toward their adopted sons
while their wives were around
42 and doted on the suns
lieberman gains insight from frida
maloney euda hagan
an incarcerated former nazi
concentration camp guard who worked with
the adoption agency
before realizing during a meeting with
professor bruckner bruno ganz
an expert on cloning the terrible truth
behind the nazi plan
mangalay in the 1960s had secluded
several surrogate mothers in a brazilian
clinic and implanted them with zygotes
each carrying a sample of adolf hitler's
dna
preserved since the second world war 94
clones of hitler had then been born and
sent to different parts of the world for
adoption
in the hopes that one or more of the
boys will turn out like the original
hitler
mangalay has arranged for all of them to
be placed with foster parents similar to
hitler's own
and is assassinating their foster
fathers at the same age at which
hitler's own died
as lieberman uncovers more of the plot
mengele's superiors become more unnerved
after mangalay happens to meet and then
attacks one of the agents
he thought was in europe implementing
his scheme mengele's principal contact
eduard sibert james mason informs him
that the scheme has been aborted to
prevent lieberman from exposing it to
the authorities
mangalay storms out pledging that the
operation will continue
seibert and his men destroy mengele's
jungle estate
after killing his guards and servants
mangalay however has left intent on
trying to continue his plan
he travels to rural lancaster county
pennsylvania
where one of the hitler clones bobby
wheelock jeremy black
lives on a farm with his parents there
he murders the boy's father
john denner a doberman pinscher breeder
and waits for lieberman
who is on his way to the farm to warn mr
wheelock of mengele's intention to kill
him
the instant lieberman arrives and sees
mangalay
he attacks the doctor in a fury
mangalay gains the upper hand and shoots
lieberman
he taunts lieberman by explaining his
plan to return hitler to the world and
that he started the operation in
berghoff in 1943
then with one desperate lunge lieberman
opens the cupboard where
the dobermans are held and turns them
loose
the dogs corner mangalay and attack him
bobby arrives home from school and calls
off the dogs and tries to find out what
has happened
the injured mangalay having now
encountered one of his clones for the
first time
tells bobby how much he admires him and
explains that he is cloned from hitler
bobby doubts his story suspicious of
mangalay because the dogs are trained to
attack anyone who threatens his family
lieberman tells bobby that mangalay has
killed his father and urges him to
notify the police
bobby checks the house and find his
father dead in the basement
he rushes back upstairs and sets the
vicious dogs on mangalay once again
coldly and violently biting him to death
bobby then helps lieberman but only
after lieberman
promises not to tell the police about
the incident
later while recovering from his injuries
in a hospital
lieverman is encouraged by david bennett
john rubinstein
an american nazi hunter to expose
mengele's scheme to
the world he asks lieberman to hand over
the list
which lieberman had taken from mengele's
body while bobby was calling for an
ambulance
identifying the names and whereabouts of
the other boys from around the world
so that they can be systematically
killed before growing up to become
bloody tyrants
lieberman objects on the grounds that
they are mere children
and he burns the list before anyone can
read it
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you